Add support for managing health assessment (drift detection) settings on workspaces and organizations (#550)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-tfe: website/docs/d/workspace.html.markdown

* `id` - The workspace ID.
* `allow_destroy_plan` - Indicates whether destroy plans can be queued on the workspace.
* `auto_apply` - Indicates whether to automatically apply changes when a Terraform plan is successful.

>   `drift_detection` - Indicates whether drift detection is enabled for the workspace.

Reviewer: Let's update the docs since the attribute name has changed:

```suggestion
  `assessments_enabled` - Indicates whether health assessments such as drift detection are enabled for the workspace.
```

>   `assessments_enabled` - Indicates whether health assessments such as drift detection are enabled for the workspace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  `assessments_enabled` - (Available only in Terraform Cloud) Indicates whether health assessments such as drift detection are enabled for the workspace.
```
